{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Season Cycle Casual Music Pack\
\
Thank you for downloading Season Cycle Casual Music Pack! I hope these songs are put to good use, and if they help your game/project even a little, I\'92ll be a happy man. If you do indeed enjoy it, I have just one small favor to ask: Please rate and leave a review! Seriously, it helps tremendously! Also, of course, please credit any music used to me. \
\
This music pack contains several versions of the songs. First, I\'92ve included only uncompressed wavs files\'97adding mp3s made submission to Unity\'92s Asset Store difficult. If you prefer compressed files, feel free to contact me (info below). \
\
Next, each song has both a FULL version plus a version split into an INTRO and LOOP. As you might\'92ve guessed, the FULL version plays once all the way through then fades out, like you might hear on an album. For gameplay, though, it\'92s likely you\'92ll use the INTRO/LOOP versions. Play the INTRO first, and then follow it immediately with the LOOP, which (guessed again) will loop seamlessly. I checked the cuts several times, so there should be no gaps/hiccups/clips. If there are, though, let me know and I\'92ll happily recut the track.\
\
In fact, feel free to reach out anyway\'97I\'92d love to hear from you and see your projects! My Twitter is https://twitter.com/SteveBaseMusic (come @ me), and my email is stevebasemusic@gmail.com. You can also see other music packs/projects at my website, stevebase.com.\
\
Thanks again, and have fun!\
\
Steve Base}